hello to all and all the colonial
to introduce you to my new machine
abobo number 2 the benefits that the on
the first sound it offers a choice
two colors blue or red
it's worth a dime even if I push
without such a room not work so I'm going
put a penny coin pushes
in my red color
I shoot and elbit and exits no I put
my second 10 inches we put blue and
here is a Bible was out no I you
swear m back to the pieces grows
always blue bible I put my last
room whose red igen red bus that
went out so now I 'm going to put
my key little pieces like that and I
will turn the machine
and then we 'll see a little we'll put
hole we pull the four pieces that are
sitting on the drawer like that
now i'm going to show you how
europe m there is one short opens
to almost help him better to see there
the first two vertical and we see
two holes and for it works it
must invert the color so red so
the lily there is rust and there are blue
blow make reverse whose red
he will put himself there and the blue here so
but the dishes and the red ones there so we
put the lilies back on the drawer
by and an upcoming video